feat: support dynamic values for labels in the NodeFeatureRule (#1226)
kubernetes-sigs/node-feature-discovery: docs/usage/customization-guide.md

The `.labels` is a map of the node labels to create if the rule matches.

Take this rule as a referential example:

```yaml
apiVersion: nfd.k8s-sigs.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeFeatureRule
metadata:
  name: my-sample-rule-object
spec:
  rules:
    - name: "my dynamic label value rule"
      labels:
        linux-lsm-enabled: "@kernel.config.LSM"
```

> The label `linux-lsm-enabled` is defined in the form `@feature.attribute`.

Reviewer: How about this comment?

> The label `linux-lsm-enabled` is defined in the form `@feature.attribute`.

Author: I added the @feature.attribute notation description, similar to the extended resources.
But I realized now that I forgot to add the fact that you could also add another label with a static value.

> The label `linux-lsm-enabled` is defined in the form `@feature.attribute`.

Author: Updated. 👍

The `.labels` is a map of the node labels to create if the rule matches.

Take this rule as a referential example:

```yaml
apiVersion: nfd.k8s-sigs.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeFeatureRule
metadata:
  name: my-sample-rule-object
spec:
  rules:
    - name: "my dynamic label value rule"
      labels:
        linux-lsm-enabled: "@kernel.config.LSM"
        custom-label: "customlabel"
```

Label `linux-lsm-enabled` uses the `@` notation for dynamic values.

> 

Reviewer: nit: I think this empty line could be removed as the sentence above and below kinda belong into the same paragraph. WDYT?

Author: makes sense.

The `.labels` is a map of the node labels to create if the rule matches.

Take this rule as a referential example:

```yaml
apiVersion: nfd.k8s-sigs.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeFeatureRule
metadata:
  name: my-sample-rule-object
spec:
  rules:
    - name: "my dynamic label value rule"
      labels:
        linux-lsm-enabled: "@kernel.config.LSM"
```

> The value of the label `linux-lsm-enabled` is defined in the form `@feature.attribute`.
> 
> The value of the label will be the value of the attribute `LSM`
> of the feature `kernel.config`.

Reviewer: The first sentence is somehow gibberish to me.
```suggestion
Label `linux-lsm-enabled` uses the `@` notation for dynamic values.
The value of the label will be the value of the attribute `LSM`
of the feature `kernel.config`.
```

The `@<feature-name>.<element-name>` format can be used to inject values of
detected features to the label. See
[available features](#available-features) for possible values to use.

This will yield into the following node label:

```yaml
  labels:
    ...
    feature.node.kubernetes.io/linux-lsm-enabled: apparmor
```

However, as shown in the example below, you can also define a label as a static value.

```yaml
apiVersion: nfd.k8s-sigs.io/v1alpha1
kind: NodeFeatureRule
metadata:
  name: my-sample-rule-object
spec:
  rules:
    - name: "my dynamic label value rule"
      labels:

>         linux-lsm-enabled: "apparmor"

Reviewer: How about just adding this other static label in the same example yaml above (of course using a different name for the label)? Would make documentation more compact without much hit in terms of understandability. WDYT?
